Olasubomi Akingbade
Carleton University, Bachelor of Software Engineering


subomiaki@gmail.com
(613) 621-4173 


Technical Skills
Programming languages:    Python, C, Java, javascript
Web development :              HTML, CSS, Node.js, React
Tools:                                      Git
Concepts:		       Data Structures, Algorithms, API integration


EDUCATION and AWARDS
Carleton University	Sept 2022 - 2027
Bachelor of Software Engineering.
Carleton University Entrance Scholarship valued at $4000.
    
Projects
Webspeech AI Chatbot
Developed a responsive AI chatbot using JavaScript and Node.js.
Integrated Web Speech API for voice input and OpenAI API for intelligent responses.
Utilized Express.js and Socket.io for seamless client-server communication and real-time message handling.
Personalized the UI to enhance user experience and differentiate from similar applications.
Github: https://github.com/subomiakingbade/AI-Chatbot
Dynamic Data Visualizer
Developed Data Visualization module using Python.
Implemented polynomial fitting and interpolation logic. Efficiently processed and represented data attributes. Created informative histograms using Matplotlib.pyplot.
Implemented a user-friendly interface with error handling. Enabled file loading, sorting, curve fitting, and histogram creation. 
Developed a batch interface for automated command execution, ensuring consistency with the text UI for a seamless user experience.
Github: https://github.com/subomiakingbade/Dynamic-Data-Visualiser
User management System
Developed a user management system in C based on facebook.
Implemented a menu-driven application with various user management functionalities enhancing user experience and data organization.
Implemented a post menu with options to add a post, remove a post, or return to the main menu.
Ensured robust error handling for user inputs, providing a seamless and user-friendly interface. employing unit and integration testing
Github: https://github.com/subomiakingbade/Text-based-Facebook
    
EXPERIENCE
Youth Services - OCISO	Ottawa, ON
Tutor	January - April 2022
Aided high school students who recently immigrated to Canada with their homework after school biweekly to aid in their integration process to Canada.
Tutored in the subjects of chemistry, math and physics.

